In order to implement Yeager in our system, the first thing that we will have to do is we'll have to
instrument our components with planes library.
So be it our web component or be it services.
We'll have to modify the code so that we can collect trace information.
These client libraries will be able to collect this information now.
Along with this, we will have to install or host the race agents on the same machine.
So let's say this is auto service.
It's running on a machine and we have instrumented it.
So this client library will send this information.
Whatever it is collecting, this library will send it to a trace agent, which will have to be on the
same machine so that we can avoid any delays of the remote code.
So it is important that they are installed or hosted on the same machine because that's how they are
being architected.
These agents are pretty lightweight.
Their job is just to collect the trace from their local components and their can buffer this log for
a little while.
And ultimately, they have to send this law to a collector.
So all these service components, they will buffer these logs a little bit and they will send these
logs to a collector, which is where we are going to connect all the pieces that we are getting from
press agents.
So presidents will send all the trace statements to collector, collector will index or will connect
all this information to create a cohesive trace.
And that information will be stored in a database.
And that database can be ElasticSearch.
It can be.
Cassandra Yeager supports both of them.
In our case, we are as it is working with ElasticSearch, so we have gone ahead with ElasticSearch
for storing this information.
Now, Yeager provides another component called Yegor Query, which can connect to ElasticSearch and
which can look into this Yeager database that we would have created in ElasticSearch, and it can explore
stack trace information to a browser interface.
So that is what we are going to implement in our system.
So these are the components that we will need to implement.
We will first have two instruments are system components.
We need a president.
The only thing the way we will deviate from this architecture in our case is that here we have precedents
shown for each component, but we will actually just have one test component because all these components,
they are sitting on the same machine in our case right now.
But when we take this to a production scale later, we will have these separate transitions when we
do it and when it is.
But for now, because we are doing it on a single machine, we will just have a single procedure and
all these components, they will say and trace information to this particular precision.
So once all this information is there and present, this information will be sent to Yegor Collector.
So this is another component that we are going to implement.
We already have ElasticSearch.
We need to make this collector Yeager collector, aware of that ElasticSearch so that it can store database
data in ElasticSearch.
And then we will also configure Yegor query.
That's another component, and we will make it aware of ElasticSearch, and thus we can expose this
distributed trace information to a browser interface.